README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h1>
    <i>Pyro</i>
</h1>
<h3>Resources, tools, and assets for Ignition by Inductive Automation 🛠️</h3>
  <a href="https://mussonindustrial.com">
        <img src="https://cdn.mussonindustrial.com/files/public/images/emblem.svg" alt="Musson Industrial Logo" width="90" height="40">
  </a>
  <br><br>
<p>
  <img alt="Build" src="https://github.com/mussonindustrial/pyro/actions/workflows/build.js.yml/badge.svg"/>
  <a href="https://github.com/mussonindustrial/pyro/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/prettier/prettier">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/styled_with-prettier-ff69b4.svg" />
  </a>

</p>
</div>

## Directory

| Package                                                                     | Description                                                         | Release Notes                                                                                                                                                     |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [postcss-perspective-style-class](packages/postcss-perspective-style-class) | A Postcss plugin for generating Perspective Style Classes from CSS. | [![version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@mussonindustrial/postcss-perspective-style-class.svg?label=%20)](packages/postcss-perspective-style-class/CHANGELOG.md) |
| [pyro-mui-joy](packages/pyro-mui-joy)                                       | A Perspective theme based on Material UI Joy.                       | [![version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@mussonindustrial/pyro-mui-joy.svg?label=%20)](packages/pyro-mui-joy/CHANGELOG.md)                                       |
| [pyro-resource](packages/pyro-resource)                                     | A library for building project import files.                        | [![version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@mussonindustrial/pyro-resource.svg?label=%20)](packages/pyro-resource/CHANGELOG.md)                                     |
| [pyro-resource-signature](packages/pyro-resource-signature)                 | A library for building and signing `resource.json` files.           | [![version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@mussonindustrial/pyro-resource-signature.svg?label=%20)](packages/pyro-resource-signature/CHANGELOG.md)                 |

## Installation / Building

```sh
git clone https://github.com/mussonindustrial/pyro
cd pyro
npm install
npm run build
```

## Links

-   [License (MIT)](LICENSE)
-   [Musson Industrial](https://mussonindustrial.com/)
-   [Inductive Automation](https://inductiveautomation.com/)

Commit message:

Added pyro-gateway to README

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h1>
    <i>Pyro</i>
</h1>
<h3>Resources, tools, and assets for Ignition by Inductive Automation 🛠️</h3>
  <a href="https://mussonindustrial.com">
        <img src="https://cdn.mussonindustrial.com/files/public/images/emblem.svg" alt="Musson Industrial Logo" width="90" height="40">
  </a>
  <br><br>
<p>
  <img alt="Build" src="https://github.com/mussonindustrial/pyro/actions/workflows/build.js.yml/badge.svg"/>
  <a href="https://github.com/mussonindustrial/pyro/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/prettier/prettier">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/styled_with-prettier-ff69b4.svg" />
  </a>

</p>
</div>

## Directory

| Package                                                                     | Description                                                         | Release Notes                                                                                                                                                     |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [postcss-perspective-style-class](packages/postcss-perspective-style-class) | A Postcss plugin for generating Perspective Style Classes from CSS. | [![version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@mussonindustrial/postcss-perspective-style-class.svg?label=%20)](packages/postcss-perspective-style-class/CHANGELOG.md) |
| [pyro-gateway](packages/gateway)                                            | A library for starting and running Ignition Docker containers.      | [![version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@mussonindustrial/pyro-gateway.svg?label=%20)](packages/pyro-gateway/CHANGELOG.md)                                       |
| [pyro-mui-joy](packages/pyro-mui-joy)                                       | A Perspective theme based on Material UI Joy.                       | [![version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@mussonindustrial/pyro-mui-joy.svg?label=%20)](packages/pyro-mui-joy/CHANGELOG.md)                                       |
| [pyro-resource](packages/pyro-resource)                                     | A library for building project import files.                        | [![version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@mussonindustrial/pyro-resource.svg?label=%20)](packages/pyro-resource/CHANGELOG.md)                                     |
| [pyro-resource-signature](packages/pyro-resource-signature)                 | A library for building and signing `resource.json` files.           | [![version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@mussonindustrial/pyro-resource-signature.svg?label=%20)](packages/pyro-resource-signature/CHANGELOG.md)                 |

## Installation / Building

```sh
git clone https://github.com/mussonindustrial/pyro
cd pyro
npm install
npm run build
```

## Links

-   [License (MIT)](LICENSE)
-   [Musson Industrial](https://mussonindustrial.com/)
-   [Inductive Automation](https://inductiveautomation.com/)
